Meet Mahesh. He manages [music] a busy
auto dealership in Mumbai.
New car sales, he's a pro. [music]
Insurance at the time of delivery,
seamless. But there are [music] two
things that keep slipping through the
cracks. Renewals and service follow-ups.
It's not just frustrating, it's
affecting the bottom line. That's where
[music] Auto Ninja Activation Desk steps
in.
A powerful CRM tool made for dealers
like Mahesh which increase leads ensure
leads follow-up greater conversion per
lead that generates [snorts] higher
income in just a [music] few clicks.
Mahesh's team can access all renewal
leads. Just log in with a username and
password.
The results? Dealers using Auto Ninja
have seen [music] up to 200% more
renewals and a happier, more motivated
team.
Sales, service, insurance, and body shop
departments contribute leads from
multiple [music] sources, driving
year-over-year and quarter overquarter
growth in service and insurance. These
are key actions in [music] Auto Ninja
periodic reviews to streamline delays on
their growth track which will
supercharge your service load and
renewal game. How to manage irregular
[music] service load? Managing calls and
bookings through Auto Ninja CRM provides
a clearer view of daily vehicle visits.
Utilizing [music] an omni channel
communication system ensures more
effective service and insurance
reminders. But don't just take our word
[music] for it. Let's hear it from the
experts.
part of Auto Ninja
[music] supporting
definitely with Auto Ninja this year I
will cross 50,000 renewals
>> I can confidently say that it has
consistently met our expectations and
exceeded in terms of how the
functionality data security and
responsive support has been with us
based on our long-standing relation with
Auto Ninja I would highly recommend
>> and soon as renewal
Autom.
It's been really amazing. The software
is great because it provides all
analytics and it is very easy for the
teleolers to see the data and see the
history of the customer. It uh makes
calling very easy. It makes uh even
reviewing performances very easy. As
somebody who is managing teleolers, it's
an uh it's a great software to have. We
have seen that the productivity of the
colleague executives have significantly
improved and uh even the internal review
that we have on regular basis has become
much more simpler. Our renewal number
has grown by almost three times mainly
due to use of auto ninja CRM. It has
also helped uh in increasing our
workshop load due to increase in
renewals. [music]
>> It's very quite user friendly. We
convert many of the insurance renewal
cases and many service customers we can
contact and customers who visits for
body shops business are rooted through
this software. Auto Ninja from last 12
years from our final field we have a
dealership earlier uh from that day I'm
[music] we are using auto ninja and very
smooth operation for the service
feedback service calling and [music] uh
insurance uh calling also
>> initially we were struggling for service
reminders to speak to the customers and
our callers were fully best regarding to
this we identified Ninja was a perfect
software to help the call for
>> [music]
>> Then we initiated ninja almost a month
back. It is very helpful for us in sort
of all kinds of reports we are able to
take it and uh the service reminders
were up to the mark. We could able to
speak to the customer on time regarding
the service reminders and our
conversions is also on the higher side.
after installation of the ninja software
>> our monthly meetings that helped us to
make sure that our team understands what
they do and uh we are continuing to
excel in both service and insurance at
this juncture I just want to thank Ninja
CRM for the support that they've given
us and look forward for continued
service support in the coming years
ICICI Lombard stands [music] with you on
this journey committed to supporting
your success while ensuring data
security through IP whitelisting, report
masking, [music] and OTP email
verification. Auto Ninja isn't just
another CRM. It's a retention engine
helping dealerships like [music] yours
grow faster,
smarter,
and stronger. Our team of developers
will soon introduce you to futuristic,
cutting edge, generative AI features.
[music]
>> [music]